[DOCU-2466][DOCU-2463] Konnect Rename + Reorder (#4412)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/analytics/index.md

> _**Figure 1:** Graph showing throughput for a service with interval filter options._

> For greater insights into your service usage, access {% konnect_icon analytics %} [Analytics](https://cloud.konghq.com/vitals) <span class="badge plus"></span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For greater insights into your service usage, access the dedicated {% konnect_icon analytics %} [Analytics](https://cloud.konghq.com/analytics) page <span class="badge plus"></span>.
```
If the URL is changing.

Also some rephrasing, since we seem to be referring to all of the graphs as part of "Analytics".
